is that Saleem asks the
doctor locals confirm it is
him in another room nurses Comfort this
little
one they call him a clever boy
as the sounds Echo across the hospital
[Music]
floor a reminder of the horrors of this
war outside this woman cries
[Music]
quietly a man can also be heard saying
the US and Israel are to
[Music]
blame I swear to God my heart is in pain
she tells
them another Palestinian mentally
broken the injured and relatives of the
Dead listen to a man telling them to be
prepared to meet their
maker as death he says is on every
corner and every street
this has become an all too familiar
scene across the Gaza
Strip despite Israeli forces withdrawing
from several areas including noat
refugee camp a few weeks
ago they have returned with intense
bombing under the guise of defeating
Hamas
it's the civilians who suffer the
[Music]
most Palestinians in the North and the
South aren't being spared
either nearly half a million of them
have been forced to leave Rafa in just a
matter of
days another body wrapped up in a
sheet this is for ad they say he'll have
his name written on the white cloth
before being buried
for ad is one of more than 35,000
Palestinians killed since Israel
launched its war on
Gaza s Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer